clarify mercure URLs (#916)
dunglas/frankenphp: docs/mercure.md

![Mercure](mercure-hub.png)

To enable the Mercure hub, update the `Caddyfile` as described [on Mercure's site](https://mercure.rocks/docs/hub/config).

> The URL to send data is `http://php/.well-known/mercure`, the public URL for clients is at the path `/.well-known/mercure`.

Reviewer: The `php` domain is only for Symfony Docker and the like. I'm not sure if it's a good idea to use it without more explanations in FrankenPHP's docs. WDYT?

Author: oh, i see. kinda forgot the scope of this repo. would something like this be better:

```suggestion
The path to send data as well as the path of the public URL for clients is `/.well-known/mercure`.  When running FrankenPHP inside Docker, the full send URL would look like `http://php//.well-known/mercure` (with `php` being the name of the container running FrankenPHP).
```

Author: is sending available from anywhere and only secured by the JWT or also IP restricted to only be possible from within the Docker container?

Reviewer: By default, it's only by JWT, but Caddy supports adding all kinds of restrictions, including by IP: https://caddyserver.com/docs/caddyfile/matchers

> The path to send data as well as the path of the public URL for clients is `/.well-known/mercure`.  When running FrankenPHP inside Docker, the full send URL would look like `http://php//.well-known/mercure` (with `php` being the name of the container running FrankenPHP).

Reviewer: Actually, for Docker this is more complicated than that because HTTPS needs to be disabled for internal URL etc. Maybe can we just add a like to what we've done in Symfony Docker?

* https://github.com/dunglas/symfony-docker/blob/main/compose.yaml#L6
* https://github.com/dunglas/symfony-docker/blob/main/frankenphp/Caddyfile#L11

Or even copy this example configuration here in a new `Docker` section?
